
---
title: "Workshop"
linkTitle: "Workshop"
weight: 20
menu:
  main:
    weight: 20
---


{{% alert title="Deadline for applications to the workshop has ended" %}}
The application deadline was **July 26, 2021, 11pm CEST** and has now passed.
Fear not!  We will be making all the material free as the workshop progresses so
you can follow along.  All technical talks will be live streamed recorded and
all workshops will be recorded.  We will post links to relevant content in due
course.
{{% /alert %}}

*This website site contains information, documentation, timetables, and more for
participants of the Unikraft Summer of Code 2021 (USoC21).  If you are not
participating in USoC21 feel free to use this site and its resources to learn
how to build Unikraft unikernels.*

Unikraft Summer of Code is a **free** two week virtual Unikernel and library
Operating Systems workshop held by members of the Unikraft community including
professors, lecturers, PhD and MSci students from:

 * [University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest](http://nets.cs.pub.ro),
 * [Lancaster University](https://net.scc.lancs.ac.uk),
 * [University of Li√®ge](https://www.uliege.be/cms/c_8699436/en/uliege),
 * [Manchester University](https://www.cs.manchester.ac.uk/research/expertise/advanced-processor-technologies/), and
 * industry partners [NEC Laboratories Europe GmbH](http://sysml.neclab.eu).

To learn more about Unikraft, please visit the [Unikraft Project
Website](https://unikraft.org), visit the [main documentation website](http://docs.unikraft.org) or checkout the [GitHub project](https://github.com/unikraft/unikraft).

In this workshop, you will learn about how to build Unikraft unikernels,
including zero-to-hero workshops on how to get started using Unikraft. As the
week progresses, we will dive into more in-depth topics of Unikraft, including
programming structures and architectures, how it is organized, methodologies for
porting libraries and applications to Unikraft and more!

The workshop will be hands-on and will take place for 10 days, between August 23
and September 3, 2021, 4pm-8pm CEST. And an 8 hours hackathon on September 4,
2021, 9am-5pm CEST. It will be online and in English. Topics include building
unikernels, benchmarking, debugging, porting applications, virtualization and
platform specifics.

*USoC21 and Unikraft are supported by the [UNICORE Project](https://unicore-project.eu/), EU Horizon 2020 grant agreement No 825377.*
